= opensteam v1.0.1

* Homepage http://www.opensteam.net
* Blog http://blog.opensteam.net

* Github http://github.com/dd/opensteam
* Rubyforge http://rubyforge.org/projects/opensteam

* DiamondDogs Webconsulting http://www.diamonddogs.cc


= AUTHOR:

DiamondDogs Webconsulting


== DESCRIPTION:

An eCommerce Framework for Ruby on Rails


== CHANGELOG

see CHANGELOG File



== INSTALL:

	sudo gem sources -a http://gems.github.com (you only have to do this once)
	
	sudo gem install dd-opensteam

== FEATURES

=== General Features

* generate a webshop plus administration-backend
* generate/implement product and property models
* ShoppingCart + Checkout Process
* Administration Backend:
* Overview and process Orders, Shipments and Invoices
* Configure your Products, Properties and Inventory-Items
* Configure ShippingRates, Taxes and PaymentTypes

* ActiveMerchant Integration


=== Generators

opensteam provides methods for application templates (in Rails 2.3).
You can create an opensteam webshop in your template using the following methods:

	opensteam do
		core :webshop_name, :user => "UserModel"
		
		frontend # generate prototype frontend (products/categories/shopping_cart/checkout)
		
		catalog do # generate the catalog files (MVC for products, properties and inventories)
		  product
		  property
		  inventory
		end
		
		sales do #generate the sales files (MVC for orders, shipments and invoices as rails engine)
		  order
		  shipment
		  invoice
		end
		
		config do #generate the config files (shipping_rate calculation as rails engine)
		  shipping_rate
		end
	end
		
			
		

opensteam provides two new generators (script/generate):

* create a new product model:

  script/generate opensteam_product ProductName

* create a new property model for products (like 'Color' for a 'Shirt'):

  script/generate opensteam_property PropertyName


=== Flexibility in Products

With the product/property generators you can easily implement your own product model.
Each product entry is associated with an inventory-item, giving it a price, a storage, etc.
Each product-property association (a blue-shirt, a green-shirt, etc) gets its own inventory-item.


== SYNOPSIS:

Create an empty Rails application
	rails name_of_rails_application -m openteam_application_template.rb
	
Create product models
	script/generate opensteam_product ProductName
	
Create property models
	script/generate opensteam_property PropertyName
	
Goto /admin and configure your products
	usr: admin
	pwd: opensteam
	


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Rails 2.3

* prawnto gem (used for pdf-export) http://www.cracklabs.com/prawnto
	sudo gem install prawn

* ActiveMerchant gem (used for credit_card payment) http://www.activemerchant.org/
  sudo gem install activemerchant

* plugins in 'vendor/plugins' or 'generators/opensteam/templates/vendor/plugins'
  

== CREDITS:
All plugins in 'generators/opensteam/templates/vendor/plugins', (or 'vendor/plugins' in the generated webshop) belong to their respective owner. See their LICENSE files for more information.

The admin-backend uses the Ext-JS Framework http://extjs.com/ . See their License file for more information.

Some of the icons by famfamfam http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/ .Licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License, http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/

Some of the other icons by http://www.starfishwebconsulting.co.uk/ecommerce-icons

	
== LICENSE:
Copyright (C) DiamondDogs Webconsulting

opensteam is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 2

see the LICENSE file for more information.






